today we're going to compare Atlas OS
versus Revy OS and what I found out is
actually insane I put both of them in a
direct comparison in terms of
performance and also tested both in GPU
and CPU bound games to figure out which
one actually perform better I've been
using my mid NPC with ayzen 75800 X and
AMD RX 6500 XT and kept all these
settings identical on both operating
systems and there were immediately some
pretty obvious differences both
operating systems were installed on a
fresh Windows 11 pro version with no
additional set and only OBS and a few
tools installed which are of course
fully deactivated for The Benchmark so
keep in mind both are running exactly
with the same Hardware same software and
only their initial Playbook to obviously
launch the custom OS and even with the
same process count of 65 on both
machines Atlas OS was using 2.5 gigs of
RAM where rev OS was only using 1.8 gigs
which is a huge difference quick
disclaimer these are my personal tests
which I did on my PC I'm not saying that
riio s is automatically better you might
have different results on your Hardware
even but this was very weird considering
that both provided only 65 processors
even though the Frets amount was a
little bit lower again on R but both
performed fairly well considering that
normal Windows 11 Pro would usually use
3.5 or even up to 3.8 gigs of RAM keep
in mind Guys these custom operating
systems make especially a huge
difference on lowend Hardware so Rios
actually did an insane job here because
if you only have a low-end laptop with 4
gigs of RAM you want to keep the RAM
usage as low as possible in idle mode in
terms of safety features I kept of
course Windows Defender on both
operating systems and really just
deactivated built-in Windows features I
knew I would need so both mainly removed
bloatware on my PC which worked
perfectly fine on both but I have to
again admit that in my tests RI s
actually did a slightly better job at
fully cleaning almost all unnecessarily
pre-installed applications the list was
a lot smaller even though during
installation of both I kept the Xbox app
only and a few other features which I
like to make both mainly focus on their
main script or better said stuff you
cannot configure so I really want to see
how much blw is getting like on stock
deactivated and here again revie o did a
better job than Atlas OS but in terms of
performance both felt really Snappy and
responsive both have the Unique Style
Atlas OS of course with the blue layout
and rev OS with the red one both look
really cool and give you this custom OS
experience and before we check out game
benchmarks I'm of course using their own
custom power plant on Rios it was called
revision Ultra performance which
apparently gives maximum CPU performance
enhanced GPU performance which veres
maximum utilization of the GPU with
especially GPU heavy tasks they also
claim it gives minimal latency since it
most likely deactivates all of the C
States on your CPU so it doesn't go into
Power savings mode and all the other
performance enhancing modes and on Atlas
OS it does basically the same thing so
keep in mind I'm not using a custom
power profile but actually the delivered
performance ones and first of all let's
actually begin with the GPO bound game
we have miros Edge Catalyst this is an
amazing looking game from even 2016
which is kind of hard to to believe
because it looks so good this why I
still love to use this as a benchmark
for these settings I was playing on
1080p with a mixture between high and
Ultra Graphics because of course the RX
6500 XT isn't the highest rank GPU so
what I did here is I just walked around
the whole entire open world for a good
20 minutes and then I've checked what
are the lows and what are the highs in
terms of FPS as a matter of fact I
actually kept the game bar open so that
we can see the utilization of the GPU
and CPU and what really shooked me guys
on Atlas OS we actually reached the 70s
in terms of FPS and on rev s the lowest
I've noticed was around 92 but also they
both had completely different Ram
utilizations which is really weird and I
really couldn't figure out what it was
so I kept on doing more and more
Benchmark and the stats were basically
still the same and it also gave me the
feeling that the overal FPS was a lot
higher on average on Rios I'm just
reporting what I measured on my PC but
to be fair I've been running around in
this open world for 20 minutes and my
FPS never even dropped in the 80s so we
can safely say that the average FPS and
lows are lot better on Rios again I
installed the exact same AMD driver on
both operating systems I have the same
Windows settings and just applied the
power plant which was delivered with
both of them and next up of course guys
we checked out fortnite which is a very
popular CPU b game here again completely
same Windows settings same fortnite
settings even on the same fortnite map
and while just looking into the sky guys
on the same exact map I've seen a
maximum FPS on Atlas OS of 712 where on
the other side on revios I've seen
774 also in terms of average FPS while
freeb building I can actually confirm
that we dipped more often into 500 FPS
average on revios instead of Atlas OS it
might have something to do with the
power PL that is maybe even better
optimized on revios but definitely those
results speak for themselves in both
mirors Edge and fortnite actually we got
better performance on revos it also had
a way lower RAM utilization on idle mode
which means when you're using your PC in
general that it uses a lot less Ram so
for the test which I did so far in this
video I can actually confirm that revio
s performed a little bit better but here
guys again quick disclaimer these are
only the results which I'm getting on my
specific Hardware there are thousands of
PC configurations out there which are
possible so therefore you might have
completely different results but for the
sake of this video I can definitely say
that I would most likely recommend revos
depending on the results which I'm
getting as of right now here but you
know what's also insane improving your
ping for absolutely free try out G
booster for absolutely free it's the
number one gaming VPN supporting all of
your favorite games no matter what you
playing you can lower your ping in every
single one of these just simply select
the game which you want to play and it's
going to automatically search for the
best DNS server in your near making sure
that you have the least amount of ping
and with the buil-in packet L Protection
Service you're going to have no more lag
as mentioned try it out for absolutely
free with the first link in the video
description